1. What are the primary actors?
  Shopper, which is divided into two children: Minor and Adult.
2. What is/are the secondary actor(s)?
  Employee
3. What type of word describes the use cases? (noun, adjective, verb, adverb, etc.)
  Use cases are described as verbs. Examples being: "Scan Items," "Verify ID," and "Pay."
4. What type of word describes the actors?
  Actors are described as nouns. Examples being: "Shopper," "Adult," and "Employee."
5. Why is/are the primary actor(s) primary and not secondary?
  Primary actors are the providers of actions and input to the system as a thing-which-reacts. An example being that a
  Shopper will interact with the system via "Scan Items." Primary Actors are the end-point for a system. In this case,
  the system is a "Self checkout" machine, where a Shopper will "Scan [their] Items," and, potentially, "Provide [their]
  ID" for (assumed) 21+ items.
6. Why is/are the secondary actors(s) secondary and not primary?
  Secondary Actors are reactive actors. The Employee (a secondary actor) reacts to the need to "Verify ID" by reacting
  to such a request (to verify the ID). While there is a lacking connector from Shopper requesting Assistance, it
  should be assumed that the Employee does not simply provision assistance to nobody (although I'm certain most managers
  would love the very thought of a person debasing themselves so), but rather acts to fashion a Shopper with assistance   when requested.
7. Why does Verify ID extend Scan Items?
  Verify ID extends Scan Items presumably because some Items require an ID to be purchased. Extending Scan Items this
  way enables Verify ID to be apart of that process and allow for the contingency that, say, a twenty-year-old cannot
  buy cigarettes and beer at a grocery store, but can continue with their scanning after such items have been removed
  from their (ideally temporary) possession.
8. Why does Scan Items include Check Cart for Items?
  Check Cart for Items acts as a final step for Scan Items for an Employee to make sure the Shopper hasn't committed
  accounting fraud by purchasing a, say, non-existent orange.
